



I growl deeply at the racoon. Black eyes stare at me from under a furry mask. Jagged teeth chitter in its cone-like snout. A half-eaten sausage lies in front of it, carnage spread on the cracked cement. My sausage. 

    I growl again but the racoon refuses to move. Nobody can see us, only the trash creatures scurrying about in the garbage have some semblance of what’s going on. I’ve tracked the bastard down for miles. I’m here to collect what is rightfully mine. 
    
    A black tomcat purrs in the corner, amused at our plight. Its claws spring and retract on a metal trash can lid, like a man drumming his fingers on a table. An audience to the battle.. The racoon is shaking, wringing its little paws together. It stands no match for me, a man gone feral.
    
    I leap forth letting out a vicious yowl from the recesses of my throat. The racoon hisses  but scampers away, diving in between black garbage bags. Tissue paper, plastic wrappers, and half-eaten food explode out of them, dumpster confetti. The racoon will have to be satisfied with the crumbs, I have the real prize.
    
    I curl my naked body around the sausage, letting its meaty delight bathe me in its nutritious glow. Umami, my tongue is leaking with anticipation. I make eye contact with the tomcat on the lid. He smiles at me, sinister, yellow eyes unblinking. I pick out a sausage crumb from the ground and toss it over, watching it bounce at his paws. Although I don’t trust him it pays to have friends underground. The gray clouds become stormier as I lower my head and begin the feast. 
